Add that pv's access modes are not constraints on the volume. (#31908)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes.md

* RWX - ReadWriteMany
* RWOP - ReadWriteOncePod

{{< note >}}
The access modes are used to match PersistentVolume and PersistentVolumeClaim.

> The access modes don't set any constraints on the volume.

Reviewer: While it's true for some cases (`ReadOnlyMany` mentioned below), it is actually enforced for `ReadWriteOncePod`.

Author: @jsafrane 
Thank you for your review and comment.
I have updated the explanation.
Can you please check it.

* RWX - ReadWriteMany
* RWOP - ReadWriteOncePod

{{< note >}}

> The access modes are used to match PersistentVolume and PersistentVolumeClaim.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Kubernetes uses volume access modes to match PersistentVolumeClaims and PersistentVolumes.
In some cases, the volume access modes also constrain where the PersistentVolume can be mounted.
Volume access modes do **not** enforce write protection once the storage has been mounted.
```

Author: @sftim 
Please let me confirm.
Is your suggestion to replace all of my Line 481-484, not just my Line 481?
Is my understanding right?

Reviewer 2: This suggestion does match my proposed change - it would replace one line with 3.

Author: @sftim 
I commited your suggestion.
Could you confirm my update?
